Improve documentation (#241)
openfisca/openfisca-doc: source/installation/howto-web-no-local-install.md

# On the web

Some online services offer the opportunity to run Python code without having to install anything on your machine.

> If you wish to run OpenFisca directly on your browser for a simulation or to evaluate the impact of a reform, then you might find one of the following services useful: [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/), [repl.it](https://repl.it), [python anywhere](https://www.pythonanywhere.com) and [Jupyterlab](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to run OpenFisca directly on your browser for a simulation or to evaluate the impact of a reform, you might find one of the following services useful: [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/), [repl.it](https://repl.it), [python anywhere](https://www.pythonanywhere.com) and [Jupyterlab](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/). 
```

> Please beware that you might need to install the OpenFisca package you need on your online service before using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be aware that you might need to install the OpenFisca package you need on your online service before using it. Please find a quick generic usage example to test your setup below.
```

## Instructions

1. Go to [repl.it](https://repl.it) and select `Python`:

>     [![repl.it homepage](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openfisca/openfisca-doc/master/source/static/img/replit-homepage.png)](https://github.com/openfisca/openfisca-doc/blob/master/source/static/img/replit-homepage.png)

Reviewer: Thanks for removing those obsolete screenshots!
Could you please remove the files as well? 🙂

Author: Done ^^
